add fhir web docker deployment docs (#1163)
opensrp/web: docs/fhir-web-docker-deployment.md

- This means that all our releases have a corresponding docker image on docker hub ready for use. E.g [release v2.3.4](https://github.com/opensrp/web/releases/tag/v2.3.4) has the corresponding [docker image tag v2.3.4](https://hub.docker.com/layers/opensrp/web/v2.3.4/images/sha256-de13e5482194d76fd22980e73cda0e4f77d6b59aab868130dea24c3b609aa312?context=explore)

- These images are self contained, composed of the compiled [express authentication server](https://github.com/onaio/express-server) and the compiled [React FHIR Web front-end](https://github.com/opensrp/web) codebase.

## Configuration

---

- To deploy FHIR Web you need to run a FHIR web docker image as a docker container and pass configuration environment variables to it.

- Based on FHIR web architecture, the express server handles authentication (to Keycloak) and only serves the react front-end if the user is properly authenticated

- The express server is configured as a first class docker service, by passing environment variables to the container.

> - The react front-end receives a config file, [config.js](https://github.com/opensrp/web/blob/master/app/public/config.js), with environment variables that are read into the browser's windows environment at run time. The config file is created and injected by [confd utility](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/confd) reading a docker volume file (`config.js.tpl`) holding the react app configurations.

Reviewer: > The config file is created and injected by [confd utility](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/confd) reading a docker volume file (`config.js.tpl`) holding the react app configurations.

IMO, this statement is perhaps complex, had to re-read it a few times.

- E.g. use the following docker command paired with a volume config file

  ```docker
  docker run \
  --volume $(pwd)/config.js.tpl:/etc/confd/templates/config.js.tmpl \
  --publish 3000:3000 \
  --env EXPRESS_OPENSRP_CLIENT_ID=example-keycloak-client-id \
  --env EXPRESS_OPENSRP_CLIENT_SECRET=example-keycloak-client-secret \
  `#...rest of the express server envs` \
  --name fhir-web opensrp/web:v2.3.2
  ```

  - With the volume file in the same directory, as below:

  ```js
  // config.js.tpl

  window._env_ = {
    REACT_APP_WEBSITE_NAME: 'The best FHIR Web Deployment Ever!',
    REACT_APP_OPENSRP_WEB_VERSION: 'v2.3.2',
    // rest of the react front-end envs
  };
  ```

- An even easier configuration method is to use a docker-compose file with a volume file

> 

Reviewer: Can we make the 2 ways of running the container more distinctive for example using the document hierarchy, structure or styling; e.g. using headers.

      # optional redis and redis sentinel session store config (use either or neither not both)
      # - 'EXPRESS_REDIS_STAND_ALONE_URL=redis://username:password@redis-domain:port/db'
      # - 'EXPRESS_REDIS_SENTINEL_CONFIG={"name":"sentinelMasterName","sentinelPassword":"sentinelMasterPassword","sentinels":[{"host":"sentinel-node-1-domain","port":"12345"},{"host":"sentinel-node-2-domain","port":"12345"},{"host":"sentinel-node-3-domain","port":"12345"}]}'
    ```

    ```js
    // config.js.tpl

    window._env_ = {
      // keycloak
      REACT_APP_KEYCLOAK_API_BASE_URL: '<keycloak-domain>/auth/admin/realms/<keycloak-realm>',
      REACT_APP_KEYCLOAK_LOGOUT_URL:
        '<keycloak-domain>/auth/realms/<keycloak-realm>/protocol/openid-connect/logout',
      REACT_APP_OPENSRP_ACCESS_TOKEN_URL:
        '<keycloak-domain>/auth/realms/<keycloak-realm>/protocol/openid-connect/token',
      REACT_APP_OPENSRP_AUTHORIZATION_URL:
        '<keycloak-domain>/auth/realms/<keycloak-realm>/protocol/openid-connect/auth',

>       REACT_APP_OPENSRP_CLIENT_ID: '<keycloak-client-id>',

Author: @p-netm what do you have in mind? I was thinking this could replace the [dockerhub documentation](https://github.com/opensrp/web/blob/master/docs/how-to-use-docker-image.md) file?

>       REACT_APP_OPENSRP_CLIENT_ID: '<keycloak-client-id>',

Author: PS: I've stripped off all old opensrp envs to only leave FHIR web config envs

>       REACT_APP_OPENSRP_CLIENT_ID: '<keycloak-client-id>',

Reviewer: decision made: is to merge these 2 files: this and the current existing docker manual.

      REACT_APP_DEFAULT_PLAN_ID: '<default-opensrp-plan-uuid>',
      REACT_APP_ACTION_UUID_NAMESPACE: '<randomly-generated-uuid>',
      REACT_APP_PLAN_UUID_NAMESPACE: '<randomly-generated-uuid>',

      // toggle fhir-web modules
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_CARE_TEAM: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_GROUP: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_HEALTHCARE_SERVICES: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_LOCATIONS: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_PATIENTS: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_TEAMS: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_USER_MANAGEMENT: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_FHIR_COMMODITY: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_QUEST: 'false',

      // composite fhir-web modules
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_USER_MANAGEMENT: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_LOCATIONS: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_TEAMS: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_TEAMS_ASSIGNMENT_MODULE: 'false',

      // TODO: are these needed for fhir?
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_CARD_SUPPORT: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_INVENTORY: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_PLANS: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_PRODUCT_CATALOGUE: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_REPORTS: 'false',
      REACT_APP_ENABLE_SERVER_SETTINGS: 'false',

>       REACT_APP_ENABLE_FORM_CONFIGURATION: 'false',

Reviewer: yeah, no this are not fhir modules.

Author: @p-netm how about these:

```      
REACT_APP_DEFAULT_PLAN_ID: '<default-opensrp-plan-uuid>',
REACT_APP_ACTION_UUID_NAMESPACE: '<randomly-generated-uuid>',
REACT_APP_PLAN_UUID_NAMESPACE: '<randomly-generated-uuid>',
```

Author: Nvm, removed the rest apart form `REACT_APP_DEFAULT_PLAN_ID`

- These images are self contained; composing of the compiled [express authentication server](https://github.com/onaio/express-server) and the compiled [React FHIR Web front-end](https://github.com/opensrp/web) code bases

## Configuration

---

- To deploy FHIR Web you need to run a FHIR web docker image as a docker container and pass configuration environment variables to it.

- Based on the FHIR web architecture, the express server handles authentication (to Keycloak) and serves the react front-end if the user is properly authenticated.

- The express server is configured as a first class docker service; by passing environment variables to the container.

- The react front-end receives a config file, [config.js](https://github.com/opensrp/web/blob/master/app/public/config.js), with environment variables that are read into the browser's windows environment at run time.

> - The config file is created by [confd utility](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/confd) reading a volume file (`config.js.tpl`) holding the react app configurations, and injecting it into the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configs are injected into the container by a [confd](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/confd) service that runs during container startup. This service creates the `config.js` file within the container by parsing and syncing the mounted file `config.js.tpl` contents to the `config.js` file.
```

        '<keycloak-base-url>/auth/realms/<keycloak-realm>/protocol/openid-connect/logout',
      REACT_APP_OPENSRP_ACCESS_TOKEN_URL:
        '<keycloak-base-url>/auth/realms/<keycloak-realm>/protocol/openid-connect/token',
      REACT_APP_OPENSRP_AUTHORIZATION_URL:
        '<keycloak-base-url>/auth/realms/<keycloak-realm>/protocol/openid-connect/auth',
      REACT_APP_OPENSRP_CLIENT_ID: '<keycloak-client-id>',
      REACT_APP_OPENSRP_USER_URL:
        '<keycloak-base-url>/auth/realms/<keycloak-realm>/protocol/openid-connect/userinfo',

      // fhir-web
      REACT_APP_WEBSITE_NAME: '<website-name>',
      REACT_APP_OPENSRP_WEB_VERSION: '<fhir-web-release-tag>',
      REACT_APP_DOMAIN_NAME: '<fhir-web-base-url>',
      REACT_APP_EXPRESS_OAUTH_GET_STATE_URL: '<fhir-web-base-url>/oauth/state',
      REACT_APP_EXPRESS_OAUTH_LOGOUT_URL: '<fhir-web-base-url>/logout',

      // fhir-server
      REACT_APP_FHIR_API_BASE_URL: '<fhir-server-base-url>/fhir',

      // UUID's
      REACT_APP_FHIR_ROOT_LOCATION_IDENTIFIER: '<identifier-of-the-root-location-on-the-HAPI-server>',
      REACT_APP_COMMODITIES_LIST_RESOURCE_ID: '<id-of-a-list-on-HAPI-fhir-server>',

>       REACT_APP_DEFAULT_PLAN_ID: '<default-opensrp-plan-uuid>',

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need this for the FHIR server
